## Answer the question, "Why does the map need to be made?" Consider your position to the mapping project. If your design is to bridge a purpose with a format (in this case a web map), why are you the one to be designing it?
A. I have a larger project idea in mind: to create a multimodal network take handles walking, driving, and subway time. This particular map speaks to the subway travel. This map is needed because it's prototyping a much larger project. Prior to my time at UK, I worked primarily with transportation data, specifically GTFS formatted data. I created a multimodal network using ArcPro, but found their system a bit too clunky, and their network analyst to be too restrictive. Their tools are great for one or two routes, but cannot handle many more than these. My network is not here to compete with GoogleMaps, but aims to demonstrate a methodology that yields quite similar results without the need for procurement. I've always imagined this having a web-development angle to it, so here I am working out the kinks.


## Create a brief user persona and tell us why this person is using your map. How would you characterize them in terms of their expertise and motivation (i.e., novice/public, average, expert/domain-specific). Give them a name and tell us how (and why) they would use your map, e.g., in the field checking trail locations or on a desktop looking through economic statistics.
A. My main client, at this stage, is for anyone who needs to route in large batches. Anyone who ever needed to use Network Analyst in either Qgis or Arc will need this. City agencies approximate drive time of, for example, buses. We can, in short, do better. My ideal client is someone who knows some python, understands a Gis workflow, and just want's to do more exciting things at work. There are plenty of GIS specialists that fit this criteria. The workflow will hopefully be interesting enough that they can use it, understand it, then transform it based on their needs. The project isn't meant to be a cookie-cutter document. Rather, it's intent is to get us thinking, to inspire something in us. For non-ideal user, happy to let them learn and use this method to bring them to an understanding about how to work with transportation data + a data science workflow more broadly, and experts are experts. 

I'll name my persona Moose. Moose has worked in a city agency just trying to enjoy life. They like their co-workers, not as thrilled about their job, but it's good honest work, so what could be so wrong? They have some experience with programming, have some downtime between big seasonal projects, and need to help their agency with some routing tasks. Whatever the reason, I imagine them either using the website or downloading the source code and documentation to learn this workflow. Either way, they have to read the docs at bare minimum, since they will have to defend why they're using this product. In any event, they read the docs, see how to upload the data for batch jobs, format the data as per needed, let the system work, and, as the French say et voíla! So it appears in a format of their choosing. If they don't need such accuracy, then feel free to use the shape files to run an arithmetic-length-based analysis in the Qgis of their choice.


## Imagine a scenario. It need not cover all potential use cases, but it should describe some possible actions users may take to meet their objectives (i.e., filtering the data, searching for an address, changing the attribute with a drop-down menu). Use Roth's interaction operators (Module 04/05) to describe these human-computer interactions (HCIs) better.

A. In the prior response, I think I answered this question. Here, i'll scale up the envisaged product. I imagine the interaction to be quite simple. Like GoogleMaps. You input your start and end point, either by the menu bar, or clicking it. If you click it, the point will be snapped to the closes street. Then the analysis will run, you'll get your answer, and it will be visualized on the map in a more exaggerated manner: the lines of the subway, for example, will grow in stoke-width, the start, end, and transfer points will grow also in size to communicate to the user their destination. Or, everything but those paths and points will turn transparent, while the path is in full color. 

I imagine that for batch jobs, the lines will not be visualized. The interface, at bare minimum, will communicate that your job is being processed, then an output file would be given. In short: one will simply input their file and get their answers as an output. Perhaps a few random sample paths will be generated, so one can verify/check for visual effect. JS should not visualize or perform this job. It may crash the user's computer or system. 

I imagine the output file to give a column for directions, total time, and perhaps the second or third most optimal route. 